Added option to display the number of selected options in the filters (#4748)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

## [`master`](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/master)

> - Added display of number of selected options in `EuiFilterButton` when `numActiveFilters` exists ([#4748](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4748))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added display of number of selected options in `EuiSearchBar` filters when `numActiveFilters` exists ([#4748](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4748))
```

- Fixed `EuiInMemoryTable` `pagination` prop to update visible items when changed ([#4714](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4714))
- Fixed a bug in `EuiFilePicker` where the HTML input was being shown when `disabled` ([#4738](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4738))
- Fixed inverted asc and desc labels for `EuiDataGrid` `datetime` schema ([#4733](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4733))

> - Added option to display the number of selected options in the filters in `EuiSearchBar`([#4747](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4747))

Reviewer: This isn't a bug fix so it needs to move outside of the `Bug fixes` title. Also this PR also changes the way the basic EuiFilterButton behaves so we need another line adressing that.
```suggestion
- Added display of the number of selected options in the filters in `EuiSearchBar` ([#4748](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4748))
- Added display of number of selected options in `EuiFilterButton` when `numActiveFilters` exists([#4748](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4748))
```

## [`32.3.0`](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/v32.3.0)

- Reduced icon size in `EuiButtonEmpty` of `size` xs. ([#4759](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4759))

> - Added display of number of selected options in `EuiFilterButton` when `numActiveFilters` exists ([#4748](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/4748))

Reviewer 2: Merge/rebase master and ensure this is in the `master` section
